Week 1:
Tuesday:
Formed groups -> Joined the usepackage group
Did some research on what an interesting project would be.
Helped setting up the JIRA page and assisted the scrum master with any problems.
Wednesday:
Learned the basics of javascript functions.
Thursday:
Did some testing with the audio API to see what is possible with online audio editing.
Friday:
Planning on using express library on top of node, so taught myself the basics of routing on express.

Week 2:
Tuesday:
Discussed some issues surrounding our pre proposal, and explored current audio editors summing their pros and cons adding them on our overleaf page.
Wednesday:
Joined github classroom
Friday:
Meeting was held around the topic of user and epic stories. I wrote 2 user stories and acceptance criteria for those 2 and assisted

Week 3:
Tuesday: Created the boilerplate code that will be used for the project. Including the installation and setup of the front end framework, build tools and backend server.
Friday: Created a basic layout of the website and experimented with Bootstrap react components.

Week 4:
Friday: Created a test website for the team to experiment with worklets on. This is intended to help the team create a more intuitive undestanding of what is possible with the current audio api.

Week 5:

Week 6:
Tuesday: Helped Simon and Rui with the backend, by creating the necessary callbacks required to communicate between the frontend and the backend.

Week 7:
- Worked with Simon to save user information into the database
- Experimenting with routes to use for future references. Namely sharing and profile management.
- Used Bootstrap modals for allowing user to create projects. Learnt about react hooks.
Week 8:
- GridFS storage system DB referencing to allow the multer to access the gridfs storage system.
- Worked with Madhav to move the backend from port 5000 to port 8080 making the project easier to run
- Changed the storage definition for the multer to store files with unique names in the database
Week 9:
- Made changes to project and file schema with Simon.
- Added new routes to the Projects controller regarding deleting and adding projects to the system
- Fixed problems with promise queues that was implemented by Simon.
Week 10:
- Fixed bug to do with loading stack to the database.
- Updated method of saving and downloading projects to accompany bug with stack loading.
- Worked with Simon to update parts of the front end to make it more visually appealing.

