Week 1
Tuesday -   Group formed. Had some trouble setting up Jira, but it was succesfully done. Spent a couple of hours trying to look for a decent project to do. Eventually settled on an audio editing software. Waiting on GitHub access.
Friday -    Basically sketched out how the audio will work. I wrote up the main description based off my teammates' innovative ideas. LaTeX template set up for the project proposal.
Sunday -    Feedback was received from Rachid on the project. We saw that there was a fair bit more work for us to do with drafting the idea. Tried to plan a meeting but it didn't happen.

Week 2
Monday -    Planned meeting again, and this time it did happen. Draft proposal was fleshed out a lot more clearly. Better objectives were described. I redid my description to correspond to our new objectives. The team researched carefully on issues including drawbacks of preexisting sound editors, and minor things we forgot e.g. no administrator.
Tuesday -   Approval was given for the project. Polished up description further. Team members were understandably tired so we agreed to continue this later.
Wednesday - GitHub access granted. Set it up, and uploaded journal
Friday -    User stories with acceptance criteria were made. I wrote three user stories and checked over all of them.

Week 3
Monday -    Estimated priorities for the user stories for the team.
Tuesday -   Missed out on the lesson because I read ghost words in the email and thought it was rescheduled to tomorrow. Apologised deeply to my teammates. Reviewed all the objectives and compared them to the user stories. Reviewed the user story priorities and also began the planning poker for the story points. 
Friday -    Planning poker done; collectively agreed on user story points (facilitated some discussion as Scrum master was far too busy today). Priorities are also locked in. Sprints were made and agreed upon.
Saturday -  Watched Simon construct the interface diagrams. Picked up on missing features and verified that everything that needed to be included (ito my knowledge) was there. Now awaiting rest of group to check diagrams. 
Sunday -    The team met up again to finalise the proposal. I arrived as soon as worked finished. I thoroughly checked over the entire proposal for grammatical errors, and also to clear up any ambiguities appearing here and there in the document.

Week 4
Friday -    The team managed to produce a working play and stop button. I wrote some stubs and created the freqvisualiser and uploadhandler classes. 
Sunday -    Added new libraries required (i.e. dependencies) for our audio editor. Spent a fair bit of time on the pitch and gain modulator classes. A semi-working prototype was ready.

Week 5
Friday -    Team retrospective held. Our team was generally in agreement with every issue brought up. We found that for the first demo there was a significant number of things that didn't go well, which had to be addressed for the second demo. I typed up most of the document and proofread in its entirety. 

Week 6
Tuesday -   Worked with Simon and Rajiv on starting with the backend work. I created some HTML templates for our registration and login system, and helped discuss some of the programming logic.
Saturday -  Set up the docs for the second progressive demo and the report.

Week 7
Wednesday - Again worked with Rajiv and Simon on backend. We made some further progress with the login and registration system. For the most part, I was mainly involved in a pair-programming like system, picking up on subtleties my team members made.
Saturday -  Successfully developed a working login and registration system.

Week 8
Monday -    Made some improvements with Simon, for example displaying useful error messages on the interface instead of debugging strings. 
Tuesday -   Team retrospective held the evening after the second demo. There were many things that went well, but documenting our code was not one of them. I was assigned responsibility to look after this as well.
Saturday -  Provided some HTML and CSS stubs for Simon to use later with the backend. Helped code up the tags for the backend.

Week 9
Wednesday - Commenced writing the report. I began mapping our functionalities to the objectives.
Thursday -  More report writing.
Friday -    Discussed with Ethan how to implement the cutbar, being the most problematic feature in the actual editor. We were looking into a more interactive based outcome in its implementation.  
Saturday -  More report writing
Sunday -    Report proofreading.

Week 10
Monday -    Did some cleanup with some of the frontend functionality as per Ethan's request.