Week 1
Tuesday - Group was formed, chose the name usepackage and I was given the role of scrum master.
We set up Jira and spent the day looking for ideas for a project, mostly fruitlessly.
Initially taken by the idea of an in-browser musical score writer, we ended up settling on an audio editor.

Friday - Starting writing the proposal and researching existing online audio editors. 
We also decided on using the web audio API, and discussed a few ideas for how we would edit the audio.
We sent Rachid a preproposal containing our basic ideas to see if they needed improvement.

Week 2
Tuesday - We reviewed our preproposal in light of Rachid's feedback, and sent him an updated email.
Friday - After having received approval, we started writing user stories, epic stories and acceptance criteria.

Week 3
Friday - Decided on user story points, as well as mapped objectives to user stories. 
Saturday and Sunday - Wrote what we had for the proposal in overleaf. Made a table for our research on 
other audio editors. Simon and I worked in the interface flow diagrams, while Rajiv worked
on the system architecture diagram and Ethan drew them up in tikz. Rui did most of the 
writing and editing of the report itself. We submitted the report on Sunday.

Week 4
Friday - After bits and pieces of work throughout the week, by Friday we had uploading files, playing them and stopping them working.
I implemented some visualisers that display the waveform while the song is being played, some of the others moved them into their
own classes to make our code cleaner.
The weekend - This weekend was kind of a blur as we were all working on bits and pieces together in preparation for the next sprint.
I implemented a playback slider using the audio element, but this method probably won't work in the long-run since we can't 
do this for different slices of audio. I found a library called soundTouch that's used by audacity, which is capable of altering
both pitch and tempo independently. Rajiv and Ethan used this library to achieve this effect.

Week 5
Monday - The day before the first sprint was due, we were all busy finishing off the remaining user stories. Unfortunately, this is when we
discovered that the user stories were insufficiently granular. Downloading files and converting between file formats were present in about
3 user stories, and since they were much harder than we thought, they were preventing us from having those stories completed even though
they were otherwise done. We all worked together over multiple files to work past this problem.
Tuesday - On Tuesday, Ethan presented our demo. We had gotten the user stories done and the presentation seemed to go fine, and we completed our
retrospective after the meeting. After the amount of work we had recently done, we decided to spend some time taking a break from this course.

Week 6
Week 6 was flexibility week, and most of us were busy catching up on other courses and doing other assignments. However, we did discuss
how we would move forward into the next sprint, and divided the user stories into two groups; one that would deal with registration,
composed of Rui and Simon. And one that would deal with the audio editing features, composed of Ethan, Rajiv and myself.


Week 7
Tuesday - I added an ordered list that displays where sound files have been cut into segments.
Thursday - I wrote a "CutBar" that displays when cuts are made in sound tracks, and marks them with the index for their corresponding slice.
Rajiv helped me debug it and fix the connection to the AudioTrackContainer.
Saturday - I attempted to implement cropping. However, due to the details of cuts, it didnt' really work.
It only works when trying to crop the last section. I will try again another day after we refactor our worklet.
Sunday - People broke off into two main groups to work on the two larger sections of the sprint. I added a Cuts class
that should hopefully be easier to use than the last cut object we have, and should allow us to implement
gain, pitch and tempo modulation as well as splicing.
